High there in the last video if set up the design of a registration page in this radio you'll create
in pitch and set the logic required.
Now let's open up our show
and type in and generate Koppelman Lufkin
once this is done.
And Sir.
And then you minimize the window.
Now let's open up text and editor and open at routeing would you.
Here is important in component and declare it as a route.
Now let's open up lock in component
here imported the router data service and rest service and instantiate them inside the constructor.
We've also declared the verbose email password will be useful a lot from later in the workbook but I'm
disabled.
We should be used for a in button later on
here.
Our validation method is created when you met the incident which is pretty much identical to that in
the registration page
now our locking method has been created when a function is run in but it will be disabled.
And then when it did or from data if what edition is successful email and password will be attached
as a request body and post it to the link or here and then we wait for a response from unserer and it
will be assigned to the variable data then we would check if success on data is true.
If success is true the user will be locked in and he'll be redirected to the home page otherwise the
error message from the Suroor be displayed.
If an error occurs the error message should be disabled.
Once this is finished the button we enable again.
Now let's open up our press a service
here.
Create the get hitter's method which returns a hash Dupee hitter really useful authorization to get
hater's might be included as a hater in both the get and host method inside of the rest service.
Now let's go back to our looking component and are going to change here three thousand two part tree
oak tree.
It's safe and there we have it.
And this we have set of the logic required for looking at computers in the next video we're set up to
I lay out for our component.